Well, good evening, family. Let's pray
together today. We've got a lot to
pray over as normal, but we're
going to go over some of the things
that are in the news that I believe the
Holy Spirit has showed us in prayer. And
one of them, I think it's kind of
interesting today: Lindsey Graham.
It's a real sad
situation when a man like him goes home.
But you know, he
was loved and he was hated. But
when I saw the black mamba snake,
I saw a pin scratch
on an attempt
with poisoning
President Trump
with a black mamba.
And it just took a little bit of poison
to cause a major heart attack. It looked
like a stroke.
I saw his face turned really red and
he was holding his throat,
and all of a sudden they thought he was
having a massive heart attack because of
his diet and stuff that he eats.
They were thinking, 'Well,
he's 80 years old. He's going home.'But
he was being poisoned. And as I saw
this in the spirit, the Lord said, 'This
is a plan.'And
I kept praying over this. I have
prayed over this for quite some time.
It's been several weeks now.
But as I heard about Lindsey Graham
today, that he had a massive heart attack
in his house in the middle of the night,
but he came home from Ukraine. Now, I'm
not going to sit here and say it's a
conspiracy, but I think it's kind
of odd.
You know, it's just me thinking.
This is kind of odd. Now, if they do
an autopsy on him and they
see that his heart's clogged and his
widowmaker was clogged and
he ate like Trump did, then it's totally
different, you know. But right now,
until they do the autopsy,
will we even get the real report? I
don't want to even sit there and say
whoever was behind it or
whatever. I don't know. I just think
it's kind of odd that a man that was
very healthy came back from Ukraine.
I'm sure talking about the Patriot
missiles so that they could manufacture
them,
and really strong against the
Russians and defending Ukraine and
defending Israel, and hearing Iran
marked him for assassination, and then
they all automatically come out and say,
'We had a hand in this. We had a hand in this.'They're
saying that now. Are they
lying? I don't know. It's kind of
interesting; they automatically are
coming out saying, 'We did it. It was us.'And
they're rejoicing that he's
gone. But as I saw the black mamba snake
and the Lord said, 'This will
look like an accident,
but it is not.'Then I saw even them
trying to do it on Trump.
And the Lord said, 'Pray for him that it
would not be ingested, you know, like
you drinking it or whatever.'It
was through a cut, a pin.
It looked like a cat
scratch. It wasn't something like a
knife cut. It was a cat scratch and it
was concentrated.
So, I want to show you some of the
things the Lord showed us in prayer real
quick back a couple weeks ago. And now
we see all this today. Now, like I said,
I'm not trying to be a Candace Owens and
go down in all this weirdness; I
don't want to go down any rabbit
holes. I want to stay, I want to keep the
main thing as the main thing and pray.
That's where our main job is.
I'm not a conspiracy theorist
talking about all this stuff. Now, I do
think it's interesting, but I
want you to look at it
and we pray over this. But my main
job is to pray over President Trump,
and we see in part here.
So, go ahead and show some of
this.
'Which one?''I
want you to show the word that I
saw right here.''What
day was
this?''June
18th.
June 18th is when I saw it.
I saw a new attack against President
Trump's life. And I saw a black mamba
snake, a brown snake. I could see just a
little bit of this poison would cause a
major stroke. Looked like a stroke.
Major, looking like a heart attack.
And I could see a scratch like a cat
scratch. It wasn't something like you
would say a knife cut, like you'd go,
"Oh, yeah."No, it was a scratch. It was
subtle. But I saw another plan
concerning his health, to pray over his
heart specifically. I saw attacks coming
against his heart again. But I saw
poison from a black mamba snake. I saw a
new attack against President Trump's
life. And I saw a black mamba
snake.'Pause.
So I just think it's interesting.
'Next, do you have anything?''And then you
had the thing...
neighboring countries launching
missiles.''Okay,
I want to go over that. That's
separate from this. I want to stick on
this heart attack stuff first
and then I want to go to the next
because this is very serious what I saw
yesterday. And then here's
his house.
This is where he lives.''I
don't have anything else on it.''You
don't have anything else on
it?''No.''Okay.
Well, I know. But about what
Iran's taking...''Oh,
okay. Yes, he is.'So,
he's saying...
can you understand anything
he's saying or is he speaking gibberish?
'Yeah, he's speaking gibberish.
Yeah, but he's saying that
Wednesday must celebrate Friday's destruction,
protecting the child.''Do
you have your microphone on?''Yeah,
they're saying it.
This is such good news. Why
they're saying Lindsey Graham has
gone to hell.
Lindsey Graham has finally gone to hell.
Yeah.
So they're celebrating his death. They
said he was marked. They had him
on the list of people that they wanted
to kill. And they have it. And
Lindsey Graham was joking about it a
couple days ago, saying, "At least they
have a good mug shot of me."''Yes,
I know.'And
so, pretty interesting. And now
they're saying that they did it.
And they have like a Lego
animation of him. This lady is saying it
here too. She's
saying,
"Congratulations to all people on the
death of US Senator Lindsey Graham, who
has been sent..."So
they're rejoicing over our
leader.
So okay, keep going.
'And then there is Canada.''Okay,
so is that all about
him?''Yeah.''Okay,
so let's just pause there for a
second. So just like I said, he went to Ukraine
yesterday; he just flew home.
He was home less than 24 hours
and he dies. Now, Benjamin was
talking about how much of an ally he was
to him and all the things that
Benjamin said. Benjamin said he was a
great friend to Israel. He wanted to
help him get missiles and he was upset
because Benjamin said, "We want to
try to get out from underneath the
US control of making bombs."'Go
ahead. Can you play that?
'But let me tell you, the last
conversation I had with him, I said, "Lindsey,
we've come of age. We have a
robust economy. We can take care
of our own financing, our own weapons
for the defense of Israel and defense of
our common interest with America. So,
I'm going to phase out the support, the
military support for Israel over a
period of years and bring it down to
zero. We can do it."And
he went ballistic. He said, "No way.
You can't do that."Because he was so
concerned with our security, which he
believed was your security, that he
actually fought the prime minister of
Israel on keeping America's aid or
actually increasing it.'And that
tells you what kind of a person this
extraordinary friend was. But let me
tell you, the last
time—rest
in peace. All right.
Go ahead.
It's gone.
It's all right. We can move on.
Is that it?
He was so intent. I mean, he literally
called me about the Save America Act.
That's why, you know, that's where I
heard. Think of it. He's traveling for
many, many hours. That's a long flight.
That's a long trip, and he
calls me about the Save America Act.
He thought we were going to get it
passed.
This is a big blow
to the Save America Act, let me tell
you.
Do you remember, Mr. President, what was
the last thing you said to him? What was
the last thing he said to you?
I said, "We'll see you soon. Come over
anytime you want."He came into the
White House a lot because I liked him.
Can't do that with everybody,
but he'd come in. Anybody like him?
Sad.
Okay. So, is that it?
I believe so.
Okay.
Let's keep going.
Let's see what else you
have.
I haven't seen this one.
It's all right. We don't have to
take the Lindsey Graham. Let's move
on. I want to go over the
things that I saw last night.
Okay,
let's go with
Canada. We had
a major shooting last
night in Toronto at a street festival. It killed
two people and wounded four people.
And so they stopped him, obviously, from
doing more. But
I
don't know if they found him.
They don't know who this
dude is, right?
They don't know who he is.
They can't find him.
So why did he shoot these
people?
Six,
quite a few. So I wonder what that was
about.
This is the festival.
They're all running.
I saw terror coming to Toronto. I saw
shaking coming to Toronto. This is the
main event. This is all of them down
there. I don't know what kind of an
event that is, but it looks like a lot
of people there.
Okay.
And then do we have this church on
fire?
So, they're burning more churches
in Pittsburgh.
This is an 1857
church. It's been now destroyed. They
lit it on fire mysteriously.
And so this is another church.
How many in one week?
Enough. It's ridiculous.
There, I told you it was what the Lord
said. Braden's working on a short
about it. The Lord warned
us that they were going
to start burning our churches. And so
here's another one.
1857,
this church was built in Pittsburgh, and
now it's gone.
Just happened today.
And you did one on
Donné,
I
believe.
I talked about it when I
went on Donné
Clement.
Do you have that?
Let me get it. I
made it.
Okay. Go ahead.
Good job, son. What I
see is they're going to start to burn
churches. I saw churches burning in
Toronto. I saw churches burning in
Europe. I saw churches burning in
America. And the Lord said, "This is the
Islamic Brotherhood."He said, "You'll
see them start to burn churches. But
when they do it, they're not expecting
the result that they're
going to get."And I saw a giant
rising up out of the church because they
poked the bear. And the church—and
I want to say this—the
church is not the charismatics.
The church is the church: Baptists,
Methodists, Catholics, all of us, the
Body of Christ. We all have
different doctrines and we all may be in
a different tent, but our hearts, if
you're really truly born again, you're
all looking at Jesus regardless of what
denominational background you have. I
believe we all can come to the
agreement: I once was lost, but now
I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. He
saved a wretch like me. I don't
know if you believe in the baptism of
the Holy Ghost or you believe in
prophecy or you believe in whatever.
I don't really care as long as you
believe that Jesus Christ died for you
and he rose again and he's
seated at the right hand of the Father
making intercession for us right now.
That's all that truly matters is
that I was once blind but now I see.
Jesus saved a wretch like me. And I
truly believe that we're going to lay
aside our petty doctrinal
disagreements and
we're going to come together as a major
body, as this lion that will
roar. A major move of God will come in
every denomination, tribe, and tongue in
the days ahead. But I saw a poking of
the bear in the days ahead, what I want to call a poking
of a giant, because
the bear is always... I see Putin.
But the Lord said it's a giant that
would be poked and I saw churches
burning. But as persecution comes on the
church in Canada—I saw an olive press
and the Lord showed it to me again—I
saw an olive press in Europe. For they
will try to bring Agenda 2030 really
strong in the days ahead.
Good job, son.
I like that one. I hadn't seen it.
And so now they're doing it.
It's accuracy. It's not trying to
be flaky. We're not here to be flaky.
Like I said, I
don't want to add to confusion that we
see on the internet. I want
you to see that this is what we're
called to pray over. We don't want no
flakiness. There's too much flakiness.
There's too much prophetic weirdness
right now, and I don't want to add to
it. The Lord showed us
about two or three weeks ago, I saw the
Bay of Pigs.
I said, "Cuba will receive on the
Bay of Pigs side, they will receive
Iranian drones to go against America in
the days ahead."And I said, "These drones
will fly in."I saw them going into New
Orleans. I saw them going into Florida.
And I said they will use this in
retaliation as a simultaneous attack
with Iran, with the enemy within. I said
they're going to use it with the
enemy within, but Cuba will be like
a helper with Iran.
People are looking for a
terrorist attack. I said, "This is not a
terrorist attack that is coming. This is
going to be an act of war."I've
seen an act of war coming on America's
shores, an act of war from a foreign
adversary. They have infiltrated our
land. And that's what the Lord said. So
I'm praying against that. Keep praying
against that.
I heard the chatter on a secret
device
talking to the troops that are here, and
they were only able to hear it at
certain points of time a day on a
certain day a week. It wasn't
broadcasting all the time, but they
would listen for this signal and it was
coming out of the islands. And as it came
out of the islands, they would hear the
signal and know when they were supposed
to abort or to engage. Right? So,
the Lord showed me military drones coming to
Cuba that had a
canopy. Do you remember this? I said, "It
has a mathematical code that you're not
able to shoot it down with these jammers."And
I said, "I saw a jammer
frequency that looked like a bubble of
electricity around these drones with a
new type of a drone that's coming."And
when they do, it has a payload on the
bottom of it. It looked like a white box.
And it was
electric all over this drone. But you
couldn't jam it. But the Lord said it's
a mathematical code.
Once you
decipher the code, you can take it down
in the computer system with some kind of
a virus.
It sounds like some sci-fi
movie, but this is what I saw. And I
do my
best. I'm trying. Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
No, you can play it.
This is the one you're talking
about right now. This is the drone
one.
Go ahead and play the Bay of
Pigs.
Go ahead and play that one first.
This is what we saw, and then I want to
show you what happened today.
Let's hear today after what
we saw. We saw the Bay of Pigs. Now,
excuse my ignorance, but I don't
know what the Bay of Pigs is. I didn't
even have a clue.
My son and my wife explained
to me. I saw JFK's face.
I saw things that were
held in secret. I saw rooms that had fluorescent
bulbs in them that had bars on the
windows, and they were taking
Latino men with olive-looking
skin. They were Latino men, and they were
torturing these men with chemical and
psychological warfare.
These men were tortured greatly
in a room. There were a lot of them. I
could see them,
and they would bring them in and
use their bodies for
experiments
on torture.
I saw files and I saw a fox in what
I call the Bay of Pigs on the island of
Cuba. This fox was looking at me as I
was praying last night. But it was not a
small fox; it was a big fox. The fox
looked very big. His face was very
bushy, he had a hat on, and he was
looking at me as I was praying last
night. I saw a witch with a top hat that
looked like a skeleton man. The
Lord said, 'This is voodoo.'He
had a top hat and I could see the
skeleton man. It was symbolic of
some kind of witchcraft
on Cuba.
It was a thin layer, but
the Lord said, 'I'm dealing with this.'He
was lifting up that darkness off
of it and a great shaking is coming to
Cuba. The Lord said, 'A major revival is
coming. I'm going to liberate the people.'As
I saw old loose
ends being figured out, Trump
was ready to move away from the Iran
conflict and move to Cuba. This
was not something that would last a long
time, but I saw that he would go into
Cuba and liberate them quickly. Rubio
would help and lead the charge
with the Cuban people.
It was personal. And the Lord said
specifically, 'Pray for Marco Rubio in
the days ahead for wisdom on how to
handle this, for he will slay his tens
of thousands, and Saul
will slay his thousands.'And that was
JD Vance. I saw Rubio rise up with
great favor with Latinos and the Cuban
people, and wealth and prosperity
come to Cuba
with the liberation. People were
not fighting it; they were excited.
They wanted to be free. I didn't see a
lot of resistance. I saw
pirates. Now, this is what I heard in
the spirit. The Lord said, 'Pirates in the
Bay of Pigs.'I
saw them taking evidence of things
they had from the past and
hiding it and getting
rid of it. These people
knew a liberation was coming, so
they were getting
damning evidence, incriminating evidence
against them for trials that are coming.
I saw trials being held for people
that were a part of this Bay of Pigs,
this ongoing conflict.
I saw certain entities of
the United States government involved,
and the Lord said, 'Don't say that,'so
I left it alone. I saw a
Kennedy,
and the Lord said specifically, 'Look at
Trump with Kennedy.'I heard of old
alliances with Russia, and I saw
patches of stars on shoulders. I
don't know what that was all about, but
I saw a major event
about to take place in Cuba with a
shaking over the nation,
symbolic as earthquakes shake Cuba.
The Lord said last night,
'Earthquakes will shake Cuba, even in the
middle of the island.'This will be
symbolic of a liberation that is coming
to the Cuban people. For what is
happening in the
spirit is happening in
the natural, and a shaking to awaken is
coming to the Cuban people. That's
what I saw last night in the spirit.
The Lord said, 'Pray for President
Trump, and for the Kennedy curse
to be broken. Pray for him,
for his health, for his body,
for him to make it all the way
across the blessing for our nation
and the things ahead.'Is this
enough?
We can go over the whole video, but we have
to go over last night's, this is very
important. I have to hit last night's
real hard.
As I was saying, this is a drone one.
I don't think he went back over
it.
This is about the drones that I
saw when we were praying on the Fourth of
July.
These drones I'm seeing are not
like the drones you buy off of Amazon.
These are military drones
smuggled in
from Iran. These are drones that are
more sophisticated. It's not like a drone you buy
at Best
Buy. I'm
seeing drones in Cuba, a
smuggling of drones,
and it's about
an attack on America. These
are sophisticated drones, and
I'm seeing a planned, staged
attack on
multiple fronts trying to derail the
2028 election. They are
more focused on this
midterm. They feel like they've got it,
but it's about flipping the
presidency too.
I see a divide trying to
make him a martyr.
Mandabi,
go ahead. Now, I want to show you
what was in the news today.
We're talking about Iranian drones. This
has a range of about 2500 km, which can
reach from Cuba all the
way into New York,
describing it as the new face of
warfare.
If Cuba in fact has 300 of these,
it's a threat to the United States.
Period. Republican Congressman Carlos Gimenez
stands by an Iranian drone
displayed at the Biltmore Hotel in
Coral Gables, Florida, by the bipartisan
policy group United Against Nuclear Iran,
chaired by former Florida Governor Jeb
Bush.
This is a new threat to the world.
We're seeing it play out in the Middle
East. In Russia, there are reports of
around 300 drones. The
Shahed drone is the dominant one in
Cuba. The relationship between Iran and
Cuba is real.
Mark Wallace, the nonprofit CEO and
former US ambassador to the UN, says
this drone is representative of
contemporary Iranian models.
I think what you're seeing is Iran's
engagement in Cuba, historically
Venezuela as well, is completely related
to the proximity to the United States of
America.
I think Secretary Rubio put it best:
with or without drones, a failed state 90
miles to the south of the United States
is a national security threat to our
country.
World News Cuba analyst Dr. Andy Gomez
explains why he believes Cuba is launching
a drone.
They believe they have 300 of them.
When the video came out
today
on Fox News, we
saw it.
We saw it on the 4th,
and now they're talking about it
in the news today.
Prophetic accuracy—it's not
flakiness. I'm trying to tell you
that Iran is going to give them, if they
haven't already, weapons that will have
payloads to come against our country.
They will
attack.
If you remember what I
said, it's about the midterms. They're
going to try to do these things. Pray
over this time frame, praying over our
country and an escalation of
things. I saw Cuba retaliating
against America.
See the zone of the coverage,
the circle goes clear into
Texas,
all the way up to Oklahoma,
almost Colorado, but not quite—Missouri.
Look at the range
they could use those.
They believe they have 300
of them. And I said they came on... I
know where they brought them in. I said
they brought them in at the Bay of Pigs
on that side, this guy praying over the
Bay of Pigs. I said, "A fox is looking
at us. A fox is looking at us."I'm
trying to tell you a symbolic thing. I said,
"A fox is looking—he's looking at New
Orleans."A
fox is looking at America, but it's
not a small fox; it's a big fox. What
does that mean? I don't know. I've seen
a fox, and it's looking out of the Bay of
Pigs. And I said they're getting
ready because they know they're about to be
invaded. So, they're getting help from
Iran.
And I saw Russia involved. I saw people
involved in this, and they didn't want
Cuba to be taken over by America,
so they had their plan.
So pretty interesting, isn't it?
Okay, let's move on.
Look at that again.
What was that article right there? What
is that? Is that the same one? Okay.
"Iranian drones in Cuba could threaten
South Florida,"officials warn. So they're
warning you in the news everywhere, huh?
So Jeb Bush and all of them are saying,
"Heads up,"but
we heard it here first, huh?
Isn't Jesus wonderful? It's all about
Jesus. Isn't he wonderful? He tells us
things to come as we stand on the wall
and we yell from the top of the
mountain to the valleys, warning
you of the plan of the wicked. We
must pray over our nation. We must pray
over our nation that we will have
great revival, a great shaking to
awaken. And so, okay. Go ahead.
So, Jeb Bush raises alarm over Iranian
drones in Cuba.
This is as of yesterday.
He told you all this.
Okay, keep going.
Okay.
I think this
is allowed—no
Jews allowed. I told you great
antisemitism will rise up in the
next coming weeks in the days
before 9/11, Rosh Hashanah.
Sorry, all these hard words for
Brandon. I said there'll be great
antisemitism, and it'll be so much so
that they will all start to go home. And
remember when the angel stood right here
and I saw the vision and he said, "Look
at the fig tree,
for it is ripe."But it wasn't just
little bitty figs; they were double the
size, for there was great blessing on these
figs.
And I saw they were beautiful and looked
like they were ready to eat, like it was
time. But I saw antisemitism sweeping
the world. And the Lord
said, "I scattered them all and now I'm
bringing them home."And
he was referring to scripture,
which I'm ignorant of where that's at.
Forgive me; I'm sure Braden could show
you where it's at, but the Lord showed
me it was scripture because I didn't
realize he was quoting scripture to me
whenever I heard it. And the
angel said he had scattered them all
around the world, but now he's going to
bring them home. And I saw the Jewish
people coming from all parts of the
world because great antisemitism will
rise up to be—it'd be unbearable to be in
certain cities in the days ahead. And I
saw they'll have eggs thrown at them,
tomatoes. It was bad. And when you say,
"Well, who cares?"Well,
Brandon, that's not a big deal, an
egg? Well, you walk down the street and
somebody hits you in the head with an
egg and tries to hurt your family as
you're trying to go out to eat because
of culture. And the Lord said
it's an Antichrist spirit. You're going
to see a Nazi
flag. It was a bat signal going
up in the sky to summon a Hitler-type
spirit over the world again coming
out of Berlin. And I saw a Batman signal
coming out with a swastika coming over the
world. And the Lord said, "Watch that."He
said, "It's great persecution
coming over Europe, over the Jews, and
over America in the days ahead,
specifically New York."And
now we have a named Mamdani
over our city there. And I
can understand now why.
So, I scattered them among
the nations. Ezekiel 36:19–24.
"So I scattered them among the nations
and they were"—my reading is terrible—"dispersed
throughout the countries.
I judged them according to their ways
and their deeds when they came to the nations."So,
he's talking about how
he's going to bring them home.
So, you read it on your own, but I'm just
trying to tell you what the Lord told
me is coming to pass. And I saw John Hagee
and some of these ministries
bringing these Jews home, and God
said, "I'm going to scoop
them up."And I saw him with a big net
and he was scooping them up and he was
bringing them back home. And I said,
"They're going to occupy Gaza and it's
going to tick a lot of people off."And
what? Okay, go ahead.
This is Iran and what
are we looking at?
Okay, so America is going and
blowing up Iran really, really bad. Again,
the neighboring countries though.
Okay. So, last night,
right before the broadcast was over, it
took me a while to get in the
flow. I love to look in that side of it
as he lets me.
He had me praying for Byron. He had me
praying for Atlanta. He said, "These are
key races that are very important to
your nation concerning midterms."He
said, "Minnesota,
pray over this right now concerning
Omar losing her position and bringing in
key House and Senate seats and over
the governor's race in Minnesota."Okay.
Then
he said, "Pray over
Atlanta, another key race. Pray over Atlanta."And I was praying over Atlanta,
and I could see the corruption
with Stacey Abrams from the past. And
then he said, "Pray over Byron, for I
have anointed Byron for this time."And
I saw Byron rise up. But he
needed help because I saw a dragon come
forth out of Miami that had a long
neck with black scales—with black and
gray and green on its ears. It
looked like something out of
Sleeping Beauty,
Maleficent.
It looked like that. But it was long.
And when I started praying and we all
started praying, that dragon looked at
me and chopped its mouth, but we were
out of its territory. And I heard
"territorial devils."And it looked
towards us as we were praying and it was
snapping its mouth. And I started
laughing because I said, "You don't have no authority."The
Lord said as
we joined together last night, I saw
you had your position of authority in
your area, in your neighborhood, and
we all were like an octagon.
Every one of us were linked together
like a big sphere, like a ball. It was
an umbrella of protection. And
as you brought your supply, your supply
linked up with my supply and their
supply linked up with that supply. And
as we brought our supply, we linked up
together and created an umbrella. It
looked like a chuppah. It looked like an
umbrella of protection. But we were
all linked together and we joined hands
in the spirit. So you were linked up
maybe in Arizona and I'm in Oklahoma,
and we're all linking up
together. But as we became one body and
one voice and one sound in
prayer—because
we joined together praying for
the nation as one nation under God—all of
our voices became one voice, for
many hands make light work. And I saw
there was unity in power and
prayer. And there's no distance in
prayer. So you may be in New York and
I'm in Central America and you're in the
West, but we all became one as we were
praying last night. And that's what I
saw. But then I saw praying into...
like, man, there was so
much the Lord showed us last night.
I'm
going to just go straight over to what I
saw concerning Iraq.
And I saw a new pipeline with the
Kurds. I saw a rising of Iraq's
economy
as Iran was being defeated and was being wounded
greatly. I heard "stone age."They
will end up taking them back to a
stone age—not over the whole nation, but
a majority. I heard they will go back to
the stone age in a lot of areas. And as
this happened, the influence that was in
Iraq, the hand that was in Iraq was
removed.
I saw Iraq rise up with oil wealth
and blessing, but the Lord said
much corruption is still in Iraq.
I saw a pipeline being talked about,
and I saw Saudi Arabia, and then I saw a
blessing and Rolls-Royces and cars
for the Iraqi people. I saw a stabilization
of wealth transfer blessing and the
HCL
Article 140.
Then I saw blessing increase and
multiplication. I saw Iran
that was wounded and took their hand
back. Then I heard them discussing troops
on the ground
from Kuwait and other areas. I heard
'Art of the Deal,'a
negotiation with the Islamic people
concerning Turkey, Syria, Saudi Arabia,
and other nations saying, "Hey, will you
help us with a ground invasion? We don't
want to do this alone. We won't do this
alone. Will you go beside us and
liberate the people?"Then I heard of guerrilla
warfare. They said,
"A
dangerous Iran is
an
unstable
Iran."It's
dangerous because of what they have underneath the
mountain.
I saw kamikaze.
I heard
they are about to be kamikaze.
I saw Iran going into a place of
desperation, like "we're going to die
anyway, so we might as well die going
down fighting."They became
belligerent, like self-sacrifice,
to the point where it was like they weren't
thinking soundly anymore.
It was very
dark,
like suicide.
I saw them doing the
same thing, going down with honor.
But I saw a black weapon—a weapon that
they've held back underneath the
mountain that they think nobody
knows about, but we do. I saw them
using this, and their
eyes were set upon Israel.
I saw a dark plan with a kamikaze action.
I
heard "regime change"again.
Another regime change is coming.
I saw the
man with the beard, the
new Ayatollah, whoever he is; I saw
him gone and eliminated.
That's why the Lord said, "Pray over Pahlavi,
Reza
Pahlavi."Pray
over this man. I saw him
because they don't want him to be your
leader, and they'll have to pray over
him majorly in the days ahead because I
saw him trying to rise up with a proxy
government.
I saw a kamikaze action
with these people, but I
saw freedom fighters.
He said freedom
fighters will try to rise up, and the
United States will arm them. They
were debating on whether to arm these
freedom fighters in Iran so
that the citizens have enough armament
to dethrone and disarm
the government and the police
force.
I saw an armament of citizens
in certain areas
on trucks
with rocket launchers,
like Toyota
trucks—not
Ford F-150s. They looked like trucks
that weren't very good, but they were
in the back of
these trucks. They were freedom
fighters with things on their heads, looking
almost like
Afghans.
I heard the word "freedom
fighters."The
Lord showed us to
pray over America, our
elections, and all that.
Then the Lord showed us about Iran.
They were
debating "boots on
the
ground."Saudi
Arabia was a big help, and so were
other nations. Pakistan was
neutral. They said, "We could
give you a couple thousand, but we aren't
going to put a lot into this."Pakistan
hates us. But Turkey was saying,
"Hey, we're your friend,"and so
was Syria. I saw
certain sectors of people saying, "Listen,
we will add our supply if we need to."The
main one was MBS, Mohammed
bin Salman.
You might
say, "Well,
Brandon, that was a big mess. You
missed that all the way."We see in
part. I did the best
I could; that's what I saw, and I keep
praying into it.
We
never want to be flaky, but we're human.
I saw battalions
concerning
Syria and Iran. A battalion is
composed of 300 to a
thousand soldiers.
I
saw Oklahoma.
The Lord said, "Do not
assume Oklahoma will flip red and
stay red."I saw a long process since
Brad Henry. He said they will try to
bring in a conservative Democrat,
but after the two-year midterm of that
conservative, I saw them trying to
attack abortion rights in Oklahoma to
flip it
against what we Christians
here in Oklahoma want. I saw
it
divided from Altus to Miami.
The Lord said it will be a state divided
in the days ahead
with a conservative Democrat.
I saw that the Republican
candidate was not strong enough and that
they would have a run for their money.
We better pray for Oklahoma
concerning staying red. The Lord said
this is vital to
the plague that's coming,
for lockdowns and things like that. He mentioned
how they handled
COVID.
I saw a
plague coming that made COVID
look like a cakewalk.
Once you got it, there was no way
in the natural to live other than
divine intervention from Jesus.
It was very
serious and
affected the respiratory system
like COVID. I saw a snapping
turtle,
big and heavy-set,
concerning 9/11.
It was turned on
its back, showing its yellow belly.
This
obese turtle was
very heavy,
and
it
was balanced on a black sewing needle—it
looked like some kind of witchcraft.
It
was tilted halfway. It looked satisfied, like
someone who has eaten a
lot.
I saw President Trump standing on
the ballroom steps,
and the Lord said, "I have much for him to
do."I
had much more for him to do, but his
presidency is because he's holding the
church accountable. How we prayed for
him; how we got him through. I saw that
his legacy would be about a ballroom.
He was standing on the steps of this
ballroom, looking out at his accomplishment—the
ear that was grazed,
his head that was missed, all
the attempts to put him in prison,
the attacks against his family, his Mar-a-Lago
being raided. All the embarrassing
moments led up to nothing; it was all
hot air. The Save America Act was a
balloon with a vast void
that wasn't able to be passed. I saw
ahead a void, and the Lord said, "Pray
into that void."He said, "All things
are possible to him who believes,
Brandon. Speak to the void."I saw a
void concerning the Save America Act,
and the Lord said, "It needs support
structure."So
I saw these steel
beams into this sphere
that needed steel beams on both sides to
give it support. And He said, "If you
don't pass the whole main thing, get
support systems outside of it because
you can get those passed."I
saw these support systems to
support this if you couldn't get this
passed. I saw the support system at the
bottom to help it so it would have
a little stability. It had three
major parts splitting off of the
Save America Act that could be
implemented and passed, that it had the
votes for when the whole thing didn't.
Now, I don't know what that is, but I saw
support systems and the Lord said, "Focus on
this.
Don't waste this time."I saw him
standing on the steps of the
ballroom disappointed. It had so
much potential for a presidency that we
prayed so hard for in 2024 turning out
to be nothing. He
stood on the front porch and I
saw three doves flying in a circle in a
whirlwind that had olive branches
beside it. It looked like
a whirlwind, and it was outside on the
lawn of the White House. I
saw a great storm next to a flag coming.
I saw an American flag; it was blowing to
the west—an
east wind blowing into the west.
I could see this flag rippling as a
whirlwind of these three doves going
down with olive leaves inside of
this whirlwind circling the White
House lawn. It was a whirlwind, and
you could see it, but it looked like the Holy
Ghost. It wasn't scary. Three doves; they
were beautiful. The doves were at the top,
middle, and bottom—three layers of
doves in a whirlwind turning
by a flag outside of the White
House. I saw President Trump
out there and he was looking out
across his accomplishments, but he was
disappointed because he had so much
he wanted to do that he never got
done.
We must pray that we don't have a
stalemate presidency in the next four
months.
We've got to really grasp a hold of this—a
stalemate presidency
that would try to come—and his legacy
of what he has done and all that he has
fought to get. We fought so hard to get
him through the voter fraud and all the
things that we fought for so hard in 2024—"Joe
Biden too big to rig."I prayed
more over that than I prayed
anything. "Too big to rig 2024, too big
to rig."And it was with Kamala Harris.
They didn't know what to do because there were
so many people that showed up on
that boat as they were all patriots
coming out.
I saw a big nothingburger, a big
hot air balloon. That was what
he was. "We're going to do this. We're
going to make America great again. We're
going to do all that."It came to nothing.
It was a ballroom.
As he stood on the steps looking out,
he had less than two years left and he
was thinking, "What do I do now?"I saw
the ballroom and I said, "Is
this 2027? Is he going to have the
ballroom built where he can stand on the steps?"I
have no idea. Is it a metaphor?
Is it something that I'm seeing? Is it a
type of shadow? I don't
know. I just see him standing there,
and it looked like JD
Vance was on his right hand.
He
had a red tie, white shirt, and
jacket, and he was standing next
to him. They were looking out at the
lawn, and there were some steps, and I was like, "What?"I
saw the
legacy of him will be a ballroom.
I said, "God, no,
no,
no.
I don't really care about a man's
legacy. I care about America. I care
about awakening unto God. I care about
revival."The
Lord said, "I'm calling one last
call, one major push for a harvest of souls."I
know I told you a thousand
times, even in 2024, I said Trump will not
save America. The only thing that will
save America is an awakening unto God.
I feel like I'm
a broken record half the time,
but it's about
it. The Lord said, as I was looking into
it, it wasn't about the Christians
rising up and voting. It was about the
world—the
secular
blue-collar workers, the white-collar—they
were mad at him.
I said his approval rating will go
down to 25%.
I saw 25% on his approval rating and
he'll have a stalemate presidency.
People
are focused on his life, thinking that he
would be assassinated and all these
things now, but I said it's about his
kids.
I saw a wound trying to come on
his family, a Kennedy curse. And the
Lord said, "Pray specifically over Don
Jr., his eldest, and his eldest
daughter, Ivanka, and his eldest grandchild, Kai."He
said, "Pray over the daughter.
Pray over these girls. Pray over the son."And
I call covering over his
family.
I heard the people of Iran: "If we
can't get to Trump, we'll take out his kids—what's
most
precious to him."I saw them having a
plan against the judges, the
Supreme Court,
and certain senators.
It's heavy,
but I refuse to sit there and say
that's a man's legacy. He did so much
more. He gave us time. And the Lord
said, "What will you do with the time
that I have given you? America,
what will you do with the window that I
have given you?
Will you go back to
putting your head in the sand?
You wake up because you had Sleepy Joe
behind the wheel. But here we are. We
have a three-month window now: the rest of
July, August, September, October—so
four months. Then the first of November
is the election."But
most people
in the body of Christ, we're
awake. It's not about just us. It's
about the blue-collar workers, the white-collar
workers. It's the people that are
saying, "Listen, we're excited and
we're patriotic, and we want a major
turnout for voting for America. Too
big to rig. Too big."I'm not as
concerned even about rigging
elections with what we have
right now. I'm talking about
people showing up to vote
that are just
"Make America Great Again."We've
got to stick to that: "Make America
Great Again."Where is that at? We have
the foreign policies and, yes, Israel
and all the things about Iran, and we're
thankful for it. But as I've prayed into
it, I heard "hot air
balloon, hot air."He
was standing on those
steps and he was disappointed
with this term,
like, "What now?"That's
what I saw last night.
It was heavy. I
prayed over it all day today. I woke
up and I told Diana, "Let's go get
iced tea and go talk,"because she was doing
things and I wanted
to tell her what I saw.
I'm bothered by this.
I prayed so much for his 2024
term and to get him there—too big to
rig. I prayed more hours over that and
his safety from the bullet and all
the craziness.
And I thought surely... And the Lord said, "I
hold the church accountable.
How do you pray for your Trump? How do
you pray? It's not about just a couple
of us. It's if My people, who are called
by My name, will humble themselves and
pray and turn from their wicked ways.
What will you do with the time in the
window that I've given you?"Remember
I told you, I said a window doesn't
last very long.
A window's small; a door is bigger.
But the Lord said, "I've given you a
window.
What will you do with the window that
I've given you, church?"And
here we are almost two years into it,
going on a year and a half.
It's going fast, but I'm
just saying, what will you do with the
window I've given you? But it's not
about the next two years. It's just
about getting him to midterms
because once he loses the Senate or the
House, his term's over for
passing anything.
He'll be a stalemate presidency. We
still have a window of him being a
buffer there.
But it's not just about getting him to
the end of the finish line. Let's
do this and change some things.
We need some things changed.
It's not then going, "Well, we have
J.D. Vance. Whoop-de-doo."We
need Marco Rubio, in my opinion, of
what I've seen—that Latino that
God said, "I'm putting my hand on him."But
that's by us winning and
showing up at the polls in two years.
But that's why I saw even in this—and I
don't want to ramble because I'm going
to get in trouble for the Holy Ghost;
He wants us to pray—but saying,
going into this next term of Gavin and
the darkness that I saw trying to come
on the land for a two-term president of
the darkness, it's always a
split road. And I see the valley of
decision concerning Trump. The valley of
decision. And I said, "Watch the
decisions he makes when he goes to Turkey."Ungodly
alliances.
So I saw a two-state solution coming,
and the Lord said, "Watch."And I saw a
major hurricane coming towards
Mar-a-Lago.
A major hurricane towards Mar-a-Lago.
It was a massive hurricane going to
hit West Palm Beach.
How do you handle Israel? How are
you going to try to divide my land?
Two-state solution with Jared Kushner
and all that. So, all right, let's pray.
Let's see what the Lord wants to do
tonight. There's 6,800 of you, and
I don't want to waste your time. So,
Father, I thank You, Lord,
for every single person who's here
tonight.
Lord, the drones that I see in Cuba, and
they're talking about 300 of
them. I said, "They came from Iran."It's
in the news now. Lord, we pray over
those drones, that we've
learned this system. I said,
"There is a mathematical
code about him.
Who's the fox?
Who's the fox?"Lord, You said there's a
mole.
There's a mole in Cuba and he's leaking
information.
Lord, we thank You, Father, that we
see and know, we hear.
We thank You, Lord, as we pray over our
nation tonight, as we intercede for the
things that You have us to intercede
for. Father, I thank You, Lord, that we
see that which is in secret.
You open and You shed a light on the
plans and the plots and the pursuits of
the wicked against our president,
against his kids, against the
Senate, the House, or whoever.
I thank You, Lord, for finances in America,
that the Clarity Act would pass and it
would be passed with
supernatural finances for the body of
Christ, for the wealth of the wicked
laid up for the righteous.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
I thank You, Father,
that we're not relying on President
Trump to save America. We need You.
We need Jesus. We need a revival in our
churches as they're burning our churches
down.
As they're lighting them on fire again
today,
just like You said they would,
I ask You, Father, to rise up that
sleeping giant.
Rise up that sleeping giant as they're
burning our churches. Father, like You
said, they're going to poke the
giant.
They're going to poke the giant,
Brandon,
as they burn your churches.
The Islamic Brotherhood is burning your
churches, Brandon.
I thank You, but
You shake the church, Father,
that You shake the church to awake the
church.
And Father, as we lift up this body,
we're so thankful for what You
did for us.
We're so thankful, Father, that we see
in part, we hear in part.
Father, You show us that which is to come,
and we yield. I yield to the anointing
of the watcher,
the anointing of the prophetic. I
yield, Father, to what You've called me
to do. And I embrace it wholeheartedly,
and I stop running from it. No matter
how difficult it is,
I yield to that which You've called me
to do.
Have Your way, Lord.
Not my will, but Yours be done.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, for the body
that You suffered and You died for
every single one of us, that we don't
have to have sickness and disease in our
bodies anymore.
Father, as You took it all in Your
body, we need not bear it in our own.
Galatians 3:13 says that
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of
the law according to Deuteronomy 28. And
sicknesses of long continuance,
sicknesses of long continuance are
underneath the curse of the law. And if
you have sickness, a long continuance in
your body,
you've had it for years and years and
years, Galatians 3:13 says that Christ
has redeemed you from sickness of long
continuance.
And I believe that as of tonight,
there's an expiration date to what
you're believing Him for.
And I call healing and wholeness and
wellness. And we believe, Father, that
tonight is the night of our
suddenly
in every area of our life. Father,
there's people that are believing for
babies. There's people that are
believing for children. And Father, I
thank You, Lord, that their vine will
not cast fruit before its time. They
will be full-term, healthy children in
the name of Jesus. And we thank You,
Lord, for divine conception between a
married woman and a married
man. They aren't all single
doing this stuff, but they're married
and they're in a covenant. And I thank
You, Father.
I thank You, Father, that You bring
fruit.
I call for fruit in the name of Jesus
over the married people. And we thank
You, Lord. You've got to be very clear
about that. God's not going to bless an
out of wedlock child. You've
got to be married. You've got to keep
it clean. You need to know that. You're
going to say, "Well, we're going to get
pregnant. Are you married?"No. God's
not going to bless that. You've
got to be married. Serious.
I didn't realize that a lot of people
don't think that way. But
how do you—wow.
I realize a lot of people on ChurchU,
and so I show
grace, but you need to know that you
need to be married if you believe in God
for a baby.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
I thank You, Father,
that You're the God of more than enough,
and You open the womb and You close the
womb. We call for healing and wholeness
and wellness in the mighty name of
Jesus. We take it, Lord. Thank You for
the blood. We
make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. We apply the blood of
Jesus and I hold the blood. And Father,
if there's anything You want to show me
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force,
I yield.
And I thank You, Father, that I hear
You and a stranger's voice I'll not
follow. I apply the blood of Jesus over
us.
And I thank You, Father, that we have
the blood,
and the blood makes much of me.
The blood.
The blood of Jesus.
Oh, how the blood of Jesus covers us.
It washes us white as snow.
There's power in the blood.
We give You praise for the blood.
Thank You, Jesus, for what You did for
us.
We make much of the blood.
And I take the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
There is power,
power, wonder-working
power in the blood
of the Lamb.
Oh, there is power, power, oh
wonder-working power in the precious
blood of the Lamb. I thank
You for
the blood. We magnify
You. We glorify
You. We
exalt You, Lord.
And we
thank You,
Lord,
for
revival.
Would you be free from your burden of
sin?
There's power in the blood,
power in the blood.
Would you, o'er evil, a victory win?
There's wonderful power in the blood.
There is power, power, wonder-working
power in the blood
of the Lamb.
There is power, power, wonder-working
power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
We make much of the blood.
Would you be free from your passion and
pride? There's power in the blood,
power in the blood. Come for a cleansing
to
Calvary's
tide.
There's wonderful power in the blood.
Father, You're so good and we love You,
and we thank You for the blood. We thank
You, Lord, for that's what
made it so we can join in and come
right into Your throne room and say,
"Hey, how's your day?
Did you
have a good day today? How are
things going?
What's for supper?
Did you cook us something good tonight?
What's in the refrigerator? You go in there and
look around at Dad's fridge. You go in
there and look around. You've got something
good to eat in here today. You've
got to make yourself at home. You go
and you sit at His feet and you say,
'Tell me something that's coming, Lord.
Tell us what's coming.'As we sit at
Your feet, what can we change in
prayer?
Sit right in there as His
kids. We're His kids. Be imitators
of God. Be imitators of God as dear
children imitate their father. Imitate
God.
Be like Him.
As He is, so are we in this world.
And so, Father, we just thank You, Lord,
that as dear children imitate their
father, we imitate
You.
We sit at Your feet. We say, 'Father, we
love You.
We seek You.'And You said that for those
that knock, You'd open the door.
Father,
we're knocking.
Have Your own way, Lord.
Have Your own way.
As we knock,
You are the potter.
We are the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord,
wash me just now.
As in Thy presence,
humbly I bow.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Search me and try me,
Savior today.
Wash me just now, Lord,
wash me just now.
As in Thy presence,
humbly I bow.
I feel that sweet river.
I feel the river.
Where do you want me to go?
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Thou art the potter,
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
Do you know who I see? John
Kilpatrick.
That's interesting.
Father, I thank You that You put a
special blessing on that man tonight.
I don't know why You show him, but I ask
You, Father, to give him great strength
in his veins,
strength in his stomach, strength in his
heart, strength in his kidneys, strength
in his body. Father, I thank You that with
long life You will satisfy him and
show him Your salvation.
I thank You, Father, that his youth is
renewed like the eagles and You fill his
mouth with good things.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
I see it
with the decisions that he's going to
make.
A calm
over the decisions he's about to make,
that
there's more than enough over the
decisions he's about to make
to either hold it or to go with it.
Inquire
of the Lord. He said, 'Inquire of the Lord.'In
every decision you make,
inquire of the Lord. He does.
It's always about the economy, isn't it?
Is there enough there to do it? Should
we do it because of the economy? Should
we wait? Should we hold?
Clarity. I call clarity over him.
Clear thoughts.
Sometimes you just got to walk out on
the water.
Oh, Father, I thank You.
We trust You.
Trust and obey,
there's no other way
to be happy in Jesus than
to trust and obey.
Trust and obey,
for there's no other way
to be happy
in Jesus
but to trust and
obey.
I see the number 20 million.
A surplus. Call it in. We
thank You, Lord,
for the two million to the twenty million. You've
got the more overflow.
We thank You, Lord, that all things are
possible to him who believes. We
believe, we receive it,
Father. We thank
You, Lord, that You're the waymaker,
You're the miracle worker, You're the promise
keeper.
My God, that is who You are.
You're the waymaker,
the
miracle worker. There are so many
projects that are about to start, so
many things the Lord is putting on your
heart. And that's what so many ministers here—the
Lord said there's
more than enough.
Even when the economy looks like it's in
a recession, on the
verge of depression, the Lord said
there's more than enough. He's going to
bring it to us.
All right, now, we've got to move on.
Have Your own way, Lord.
Have Your own way.
You are the potter,
we are the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
I see it all across these little sparks.
Have Your own way,
Lord.
Have Your own way.
You are the potter,
we are the clay.
Mold me and make me
after Thy will,
while I am waiting,
yielded and still.
We worship You, Father.
We get to that place to drink.
Okay, we're going to pray over the
finances.
There's a lot about the finances.
I'm looking across the nation and
there's projects that the Lord is
wanting done,
but the finances are not all there. And
He doesn't want us going into debt over
this stuff.
So, we're going to call it out and
we're going to send our angels out right
now to go and bring it in. And we're
going to agree, touch it, and agree. All
of us, for many hands make light work.
But these projects
are
harvesting equipment. You say,
'Well, this is the building, like
our youth buildings.'But
you know
why He's wanting bigger youth buildings?
Because He said the devil
went after the youth hard, but I'm
coming after them harder. And the major
revival will be around the youth of this
nation and around the world. You're
going to see a major harvest of the
youth,
a major outpouring
on your sons and your daughters.
So I hear a lot of people say,
'The Lord's calling us to build
a bigger youth building.'But you've got
to believe for
finances.
And
it seems to be the chicken
fry or the raffling
that you have to try to do to raise up
the money. It should be
sweatless.
And the Lord said, 'Believe Me for big.'I
call the seeds
we've sown in the past to come to
harvest at last. The good seeds. Father,
we thank You, Lord, right now in the
name of Jesus for creative ideas on the
congregation to bring it in.
Father, we
seek
You
first the kingdom, and all these things
will be added unto us.
We believe, Father, that You are the
fountain that will not run dry. We call
it in right now in the name of Jesus.
Satan,
get your hands off of our finances. We
call double over the trouble you caused.
Double peace, double joy,
sweatless victories, that the money
magnet status is on the inside of us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that you
give us the power to get wealth, that
you establish your covenant with us,
Lord. We call those things that be
not as though they were right now in the
name of Jesus. And we say, "Satan, you
let go of the money now in Jesus'name."We
call it in from the north, the south,
the east, and the west for the bus project. I
see it right there: buses,
transportation, new transportation with
air conditioning.
Shuttles for your church, brand new
2026 models—church
shuttles, buses
to go and get the people
in the bad neighborhood to
bring them to church.
Shuttles
like buses with air conditioning,
good ones that don't break down or
have slipping transmissions.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank you,
Lord, for the abundant supply.
All around the world,
whatever they're believing for, we
believe with them. We stretch a billion or
two. I am agreeing,
touching and agreeing. I call, we call
it in right now in the name of Jesus:
finances to get the job done, buildings
paid off, blessings and increase, bills
paid off, bills decreased in the name of
Jesus. Supernatural favor where there
was no favor with loans and with
funding. I call it in right now in the
name of Jesus, Father, that they're all
paid off in full. We call that wealth and
we speak to the well of revival. We
speak to the well of finances to come
forth in the name of Jesus. We call
forth supernatural increase over
investments
in the name of Jesus.
I hear the sound of the camels.
The camels are coming
and
they're loaded with goods.
Oh, Father, I hear the sound of an
abundance of rain.
We call it in in
the name of Jesus from the north, the
south, the east, and
the west.
I hear the sound of an abundance of
rain. The camels are coming and they're
loaded down with goods.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus.
The
projects are paid on time. We call it
done in the name of Jesus. We call the
projects paid in the name of Jesus.
Projects, be paid in the name of Jesus.
Cash! Cash! Write a check for it. We
call it in in Jesus'name.
God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all
that you dare ask or think.
We call
those shuttles in.
We
call the youth buildings paid off in
Jesus'name.
We call for new churches with
good sound equipment. Father, where
the mics don't sound bad, where they've
got good sound equipment. When they're
speaking into their mics, it doesn't sound
like there's an echo and all these things
going on. We call in that sound equipment
right now. State-of-the-art electronics.
We call it in in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hands off of our
equipment.
We call it in. We call for breakthrough in
the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for good sound
equipment, good TV equipment, good
cameras,
good instruments—drums, pianos, and
all kinds of good stuff. Father, we
thank you, Lord, for the mics. I don't
know who's believing for mics—lapel
mics and good mics for your
church. We call them in in Jesus'name. We
believe we receive it.
Good wireless mics in Jesus'name.
We call them
out of the world economy into
our hands. We say, "It's time. Get off of
our money now in Jesus'name."We
thank you, Lord, that you're the God
of more than enough for wireless mics,
good ones, and
good cameras.
I see wireless mics—good ones,
like the headsets. Good
stuff.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord. We give
a shout of victory. We give a shout of
praise, God, that you're bringing it in.
We thank you, Father,
for the good buses, good
transportation for the people to get to
church with air conditioning and heaters
in the winter. Thank you, Jesus. They'll
be good and warm in the winter, and
they'll be good and cool in the summer.
They won't be too hot going to church.
Thank you, Father.
State-of-the-art good stuff. Where
the tires aren't
bald, but
good tires. Father, we
thank you,
Lord, and
give you praise
for it right now in Jesus'name. We thank
you, Father, that you're the God of more
than enough to pay off the loans. You're
the God of more than enough for creative
ideas for the congregation members to
bring it in. Creative ideas to get
wealth.
Father, you'll even use Sister Clipboard if
you have to. I thank you, Lord. You'll use
Sister Clipboard. Father, I thank you,
Lord. You're the God of more than enough.
We're not going to limit you in how you
can bring it in. We're not going to put
you in a box and say, "Well, this is the
way you have to do it."God, if you have
to, you'll bring it in a fish's mouth. You're the
God
of
multiplication, the God of favor,
and I believe it and I receive it in
the name of Jesus. Say that:
"I believe it. I receive the
church note paid off in full. I believe,
I receive that you're the God of the
abundant harvest in the name of
Jesus."I
see this tonight.
This is the jet fuel to the
supernatural for
what we're about to see, so that we are able
to operate in excellence in ministry.
The people are coming.
We're getting ready for the
harvest
that's about to happen
across the land, from Africa to
Asia, to Europe, to Australia, to
South America, to America, to Canada.
There will be a major harvest of souls.
But God's not going to bring the harvest
before we have the equipment to
get them in.
We've
got more than enough.
I'm trying to tell you to believe
him now. The harvest is coming.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's
more than enough.
They'll need water,
they'll need whatever. We're believing
you for it, Father.
It's time to believe God
for the abundant supply. Like the fishes
and the loaves, he'll multiply. God's a
God of multiplication.
He said, "I want you
to speak to the finances for the
people."Brandon,
he's a God of multiplication.
It's time to believe him for exceedingly
abundantly above all that we dare ask or
think to get the job done. We've got a
job to do and we've
got to get the job done, and he wants
us to do it in excellence.
You don't want to look
like a bozo up there.
God's a God of excellence.
We represent the King of Kings,
the Lord of Lords.
He wants us to display
him well, not just with our character and
the anointing, but with
the equipment and stuff.
I thank
you, Lord, that there are good mics
for the people to talk into
and good technicians
to
operate
it.
People who are educated.
Thank you, Lord. You're
sending the educated
to know how to do stuff.
Education is important, too. Study to
show yourself approved.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
You believe that tonight?
You believe it? Say, "Yes, I believe it."Believe
it with me. Calling in angels.
Thank you, Lord, angels, for going right
now. Go and get it. Cause it to come to
pass. Holy Spirit, work on the hearts.
I'll
never forget Oral Roberts was
believing God for the money for his
campus, and it came from a racetrack. Three
million dollars came from a racetrack and the
guy said, "I own a racetrack,"and
he gave him a check for three million
bucks and helped pay for Oral Roberts
University.
That was a divine appointment. The
guy was watching him on there and the Lord
spoke to him. He owned a dog
racer, and the wealth of the
sinner is laid up for the righteous.
Look what the Lord can do. He did it
once and he'll do it again. He did it
for Oral Roberts. He'll do it for us in
this generation. We just got to believe
for it.
Oral
Roberts University was paid for by
track money,
by a guy that raced dogs.
And God did it once. He'll do it again.
Father, I thank you, Lord. You're the
God of more than enough.
I believe, Father, we receive in
Jesus'name.
Now we can move on.
We thank you, Lord, for a
revival
from sea to shining sea. We thank you
for repentance.
We thank you, Lord, that you bring a
repentance across this nation, a
repentance stirring
in the hearts of the people that
the blinded eyes be opened, that the soon
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at
the door. We're calling in the harvest.
We're calling in the hardest of hearts.
We're calling them in in the name of
Jesus. There's no one too far lost.
There's no one too far gone that Jesus
can't take them out of the darkness and
bring them into the light. We thank you,
Lord. We call their eyes to be flooded
with light,
according to Ephesians 1:18. For
the Bible says that Satan
has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And we call in the harvest right now
that the eyes of their understanding
would be enlightened. Flood their eyes
with light. Satan, get your hands off of
these people in the name of Jesus. We
call in the relatives,
the daughters, the sons, the husbands, and
the wives. We call them saved,
delivered, and baptized in
the Holy Ghost. Father, we thank you,
Lord, that you're sending laborers across
their path right now in the name of
Jesus. For you said, "Some plant, some
water, but God brings forth the increase."And
we thank you, Lord, that
you're bringing the increase in right
now in the name of Jesus. The
harvest is plentiful and the laborers are
few. But God, I thank you, Lord, that
you're sending the laborers right now in
the name of Jesus. We call in the
laborers to go from all
over and bring in the harvest right now.
Father, we thank you, Lord. We're
calling in the lost and
the unsaved.
The Lord said, "Judgment begins in my
house first."I
am finishing my
cleaning.
I am
cleaning my pulpits and
the pews.
For judgment begins in my house first.
Many will come. It's 1
Corinthians 5:5.
He said, "I'm cleaning my church
right now. I'm bringing the bride to my side."And
then the greatest harvest of
souls you will ever see will come as I
bring the world to its knees. And they
will say at the name of Jesus, every
knee will bow and every tongue will confess
that Jesus Christ is Lord.
The day is coming.
But before that, a great harvest.
There's much corruption
in the church behind the pulpits.
I'm cleaning the pulpits. I'm
cleaning my church.
The gates of hell will not prevail
against it. The
church, the
remnant, the bride,
calling her to my side. A shaking to
awaken will be seen across the nations.
The greatest race.
It's not
a time to be lukewarm. He wants you to
be hot. He's
calling you out of the lukewarm and
out of the
cold. Come up
hot. It's time to get hot for
Jesus.
Many will see
the glory.
Oh, I see a great shaking. I see
another Ground Zero.
I see the smoke coming up from
the building.
I see it like it was on 9/11.
But it's not by
a
plane. Lord, it's not by a
plane.
I see these donkey feet, the hoofs of the
donkey.
A day of sternness, a day of shaking. Open doors, a
day of shaking, a day of
the doors.
I see the sun setting on the
day. And they went from hot to cold,
the multitudes.
The remnant
will remain.
Thank
God
I'm
okay.
It's beyond
politics. He
keeps talking
when I'm sitting in the vision and
I see a Ground Zero but many 9/11s.
And I see
a shaking of the nation. A day of
sternness, a day of trembling.
And there'll be earthquakes in divers
places. You're going to see volcanoes.
I see these volcanoes going up, and
they're not just little volcanoes. This
is all volcanoes and they're in
Italy. A big volcano is going to go off
in Italy.
He's going to shake the Vatican.
There's pride.
And
in a day, everything will change.
And then they're
going to bring this thing out. I see it
again. I see the false alien
narrative, a false narrative.
Everything will change. They're going to
bring a false narrative,
a great deception. Get ready
for the great deception. He says,
"It's all a lie.
It will try to deceive the
nations."And
I will shake the Mount of Olives.
I will shake Israel,
Jerusalem,
and I see the Dome of the Rock shaken. I
will take down false temples. I will
shake them
to
uninhabitable.
Shaking down the Buddha
Temple. Shaking,
shaking, shaking. I heard it
again. Over
the seas
and the waves
roaring.
The seas will roar.
You'll hear it upon the
water. It will sound like they're
roaring. There'll be a noise and a sound
upon the waters. He says, "There'll be a
noise and a sound upon your waters, and
you'll hear it. It's coming from the
deep. For deep calls unto deep,
deep calls unto
deep."You'll
hear it upon the waters. Deep calls.
Find that scripture: "Deep calls unto
deep."In
the roar of the
waterfalls, all the waves and breakers
have swept over me. Psalm 42:7.
Deep calls to deep. You're about to hear
deep call to deep from the depth of the
waters. I see
a depth, a noise upon the waters, and
a deep calls to
deep. He's calling the church to his
side. He's calling the bride to his
side. Deep calls to deep.
It's time to come up to this.
The multitudes.
I hear the
multitudes
and it will come out of the sea.
It's the sound
of the deep calling unto deep.
There'll be a noise upon
the water
as a sign.
And you'll
hear about it. That's what he's warning.
He said the waters
will begin to roar.
They'll have a sound from the deep.
I see the deep, deep water, but
the sound
sounds like a roar
from the depth of the
earth, a
shaking.
The Lord said, "In the depth of the
earth, in the depth of the oceans, a
shaking."And
I will shake
Italy.
And
a
shaking in South America, shaking in
Mexico.
Hallelujah. Deep calls to deep in the
roar of your waterfalls.
All your waves and breakers have swept
over me.
Oh God, call me to your side. Oh Father,
I thank you, Lord, that we come up higher
in our thinking and we believe you
for more.
Deep calls to deep and the roar of your
waterfalls.
All your waves and breakers—am
I reading that word right?—breakers
have swept over me.
Oh Father, I thank you. He said, "The
deep calls to
deep."You'll
hear the roaring of the water
from the deep.
We call in
the wayward children.
Holy
Spirit, work on their
hearts. We
call in the wayward children, the
strife makers.
I see a
tick, a really fat tick with
hieroglyphics on it.
We call in the wayward children.
Thank you, Lord.
We call shaking inside of them. It's
almost like you take
those heart paddles and you go
shaking on the inside. Train up a child
in the way they should go, and when they
get older, they'll not depart from it. We
thank you, Lord, that you're shaking them
back. They'll have a
relationship with you again.
Stirring in the children.
And when they call, don't be a "Sister Clipboard."I'm going to
call you a "Spiritual
Karen."When
they call, don't be
beating them in the head. Love on them.
Be like the prodigal and love them. I'm
not trying to be mean to people named
Karen; I'm trying to say that the young
people know it's funny in the
memes.
When they call,
don't be fussing. Just love on them.
Oh, honey, we're so glad you called.
Don't say, "Well, you know you're
going to hell."No, we're so glad you
called.
Let's pray; let's go to dinner.
Love
these people. Love
never fails.
Love them back to the
Lord.
Nagging is not going to do it.
Love never fails.
I see young faces that have just fled
from what they know and
they're going to be calling.
Love never fails.
It's not the nagging mom;
it's
love.
They're coming in. There's a day coming—a
major day
of great shaking.
And they're going to be wanting
to know what's going on in the news.
What is
going on? Jesus is coming.
The sun is setting on this dispensation
of grace.
The greatest harvest
of souls—they're coming in hot.
What will they get when they come back
to church? God said, "I'm cleaning up my
bride right now. I'm cleaning up my
pastors, my prophets, my teachers, the
people behind the pulpits."He said,
"I'm cleaning up the sin in the camp."And
he's
raising up new Davids, new
Esthers, new people.
You say,
"Well, Brandon,
what's taking so
long?"God's
mercy.
You're about to see an explosion of the
goodness and the mercy of God. Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
goodness and the mercy.
Favor where we need favor.
Instead of days of great labor,
days of great favor.
Now, Father, as we
lift up our President before you, we
thank you, Lord, that he takes no
counsel from the ungodly
concerning the decisions he makes even
in this next week. This is a vital week.
As the funerals and the things that go
on this week, this is a vital week. We
call a hedge of protection around
him, Don Jr., Eric,
Tiffany, Ivanka, Barron, and
Kai. We cover them in the name of
Jesus. No weapon formed against this
family shall prosper. We plead the blood
of Jesus over President Trump, that he
lives long and finishes strong over his
children, over every plot, every plan,
every pursuit across this land, over our
senators, over our judges. We cover
the citizens of the United States of
America. We thank you, Lord, that our
FBI, Homeland Security,
Secret Service, local law
enforcement, and sheriff's departments
have great
discernment. They're able to see
every plot,
every plan, every evil action
across this land. We thank you, Lord,
that you uncover the plans of the wicked
over our 911 system, over every plot of
drones coming from foreign or
domestic sources. We call forth an uncovering in
the name of Jesus that there will be no
weapon formed against us that will
prosper. Every tongue that rises against
us, we condemn it. We pray over our
stadiums, over the New York Yankees,
over the Boston Red Sox, and over the World
Cup finals.
We thank you, Lord, over the last games
in New York. We thank you,
Lord, this week. Is it this week, right?
Yeah, I believe so;
it's the finals. Father,
we thank you, Lord, that
there's a covering over this nation.
There's a covering over
our subways and
over mass transit. I pray over our
subways, over the Hudson, and over the
East River. We call forth the subways in
the East, the subways in the Hudson, and the
subways over this area. No plots, no
plans of destruction over New York
City, even with Mamdani there. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that you can bypass
even Mamdani and protect the people.
I thank you, Father. I thank you, Lord,
for covering over New York and over
New Jersey.
Just push with me just a little bit more
concerning New York this week,
over our 911 systems
and
our
power grid. I pray over our power grid
and
over
our waterways,
every one of our waterways coming in
and out of this country. I pray over the
waterways, the water, and the
rivers. Father, we thank you,
Lord, for supernatural protection over
our waterways and over Washington, D.C. We
pray over President Trump that he
doesn't have a lame-duck presidency,
Father, but that he has a strong presidency and
that he will finish strong.
Finishing up this week
with the
World Cup.
Whatever this is about, this
week is very important. We're going to pray
over this week. Okay, so the 14th,
the 15th, and then on the 19th—let's see,
are those games here?
I believe the France and Spain one is in
Dallas. So the France one was in
Dallas,
and then the England and
Argentina games.
The final four and then the last
one is here
in New York.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
Texas, Georgia, Florida, and New Jersey.
I don't know what the Florida one is,
but yeah, Texas and Georgia.
So, Dallas is the one.
We're going to pray. Father, we
thank you, Lord, for Dallas-Fort Worth.
So, it's the 19th then?
Yeah, that one's
in New Jersey.
New Jersey is the 19th;
that's the last one.
We thank you, Lord, for
protecting this nation.
From sea to shining sea, you
protect this nation. Even in Toronto,
we cover Toronto.
I
keep seeing some
kind of a terrorist attack in Toronto.
I'm seeing it again—smoke,
fire, and some
kind of explosion
in Toronto.
I see a terrorist attack trying to
happen in Toronto; there is
a shaking in Toronto.
We thank you, Lord, for Europe. We pray
over what's going on
with Europe and with Ukraine,
over France, over Germany,
over Italy,
England,
and then Russia,
Poland—all
these nations. We pray for a de-escalation.
We don't want any more
war.
Jesus,
we pray over our mass transit,
over our subways, and
over the 41st floor.
We pray over the 41st floor,
Trump towers, buildings,
golf courses, and his
apartment buildings. We pray over every
single Trump building
and
the 41st floor.
Looking at the Hudson,
looking at the Northeast area,
looking at
whatever this building is
again that has the river right there.
I see the tall building, the 41st
floor, and the park in the air. I see the
smoke and
a fire. I see some kind of
manifestation.
The fire is here, but the sun
is setting in the west,
shining on the building.
I can see the sun shining. The river is
right here, and the river
would be facing the east
side because the sun is setting
over here. The building and the river are right there,
and you
can see the park.
I don't know if that's a Trump building
or not, but I feel that it
is.
It's a tall, very big
building.
There's a subway that runs by because
it's focused down on the bottom
with the train cars.
Right here is the UN
with the flags in front.
Are these targets?
We thank you, Lord. All
plans, all plots, and all pursuits coming
across this land to kill, steal, and destroy—we
thank you that you uncover them.
We thank
you, Lord, that Trump's towers and
buildings are protected, along with
all places of interest. We thank
you, Lord, for his kids,
for JD Vance and his family, and
for Marco Rubio and his family.
They're all protected, along with
everybody else on that list.
I'll have to look at that list and
pray over all those people
on the hit list.
Pray over Trump's kids.
Thank you, Father, for
Clarence Thomas and
the Supreme Court judges.
Father, your hand of protection is on this
nation
in Jesus'name. We pray over our pastors
and over Pete Hegseth.
Pete, the Secretary of Defense. Yeah, he takes it. Father, we thank you,
Lord.
I feel the anointing lifting off of me,
so I'm done.
7,100 of you, I'm so thankful for
every single one of you being here with
me and praying for our nation.
This is a very
important week
to pray
concerning the World Cup and
decisions that Trump will make.
We pray for the finances and for
the Clarity Act to pass this week. We
pray that
the RINOs
and the legislation
lobbying against things will stop for
a transfer of wealth, and that this will
be the end of the end. We're getting
ready for the biggest harvest of souls.
I truly believe we're about to see
something amazing—a
shaking as the sun was
setting, a day of
sternness.
We're living in
the signs of the times of the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ.
Aren't you glad
you're here? He chose you. You could
have been born in the 1700s or the
1600s. You would have missed out on all
this fun and you would have thought, 'Man,
we've been praying for whatever back then.'But
just think, we have been
called to the kingdom for such a time as
this. And what an amazing gift
we've been given—to be given life today,
to be able to say, 'Hey, I've called
you. You're a closer. You've been built
for pressure. The sky's not falling,
Chicken Little.'I want to tell you that
right now. All the things we see and the
shakings and the drones and all the
things the Lord shows us—why? I
believe. Why? You say, 'Why, Brandon? It
sounds like the sky is falling to me.'No,
for good days are ahead. Days of
great fun have just begun for the body
of Christ. Why? Because His days of fun
are about the harvest. It's bringing in
the lost. And we are the
harvesters. And we're going to bring in
this lost. We're going to help Him. The
harvest is plentiful, the laborers are
few. But will you say yes to the Father
to help bring in the lost tonight?
It's time. It's time to arise and shine
and let the light shine on us. Shine
on the glory of the Lord risen on us.
For the light has come and the glory of
the Lord has risen on us. But I want to
ask you tonight, do you know my friend?
I never want to
close the broadcast, this video,
without giving you an opportunity to ask
Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal Savior.
We're here tonight and we're praying,
but the major thing that you
need to ask yourself is: Are you right
with God? If you were to die tonight,
where would you spend eternity? There's
a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. We've
heard people say that, but I'm telling
you, it's the truth. If you don't know
Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal
Savior, tonight's your night.
You're here not by accident, but by
divine appointment. And I believe He's
calling you right now. He is tugging at
your heart and He's saying, 'Will you
let me in? Will you let me be
the Lord of your life?'And
if you're here tonight and you can't
say that,
tonight's your night and I want to
give you the opportunity to say, 'Jesus,
I need you.'I want you to ask Him into
your heart right now. Say this simple
prayer: 'Jesus,
I believe you are the Son of God. I
believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day. Jesus, I'm a
sinner and I want you to be my Lord
and Savior tonight. I repent of my
sins. I turn my back on the sin. I turn
my back on the devil. I don't want to
have anything to do with him.
Jesus, tonight I surrender my all to
you. I ask you to write my name in the
Lamb's Book of Life. Tonight is my
night. I confess my sins before you. And
you said in your word, you're faithful
and just to forgive me of my sins and
cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
Jesus, I ask you right now to do
exactly that. I repent. I'm a
sinner and I ask you to wash me with
your blood.
Tonight's my night. I'm born again
because I believe you are the Son of
God. I believe you, Jesus. I believe in
you. Thank you. Thank you that I'm born
again. Behold, all things are brand new.'And
I believe if you just said that
prayer and you asked Jesus into your
life, you're a new creation
created in Christ Jesus. And all things
of the old are passed away. Behold, all
things are brand new. And you've got a
brand new future. And I'm excited
because maybe you might be my neighbor
in heaven now. I don't know. You'll be up
there. You'll say, 'Brandon, you come
over, knock, and say, 'Can I borrow
some coffee or something?'I don't know.
We'll have some fun. We'll sit on
the porch and drink tea, talk about what
we did on the earth to get people saved
for Him. If you don't have a
Bible and you want a Bible and you just
said that prayer, we will send you a
Bible absolutely for free just to be a
blessing to you. No, we're not going to
try to solicit you. We don't want to
bother you. We just want to be a
blessing to you. But you've got to email us
in the description down below. Write
your name and your address and put in
the headline: 'I got born again and I
would like a free Bible.'We'll send it
to you. Now, what are you going to do? I
would go to a Bible-believing,
tongue-talking, Holy Ghost-filled church.
Get plugged in there. Tell that pastor
there, 'Listen, I got born again
watching some guy on YouTube. I want to
be water baptized.'Get water baptized.
Get plugged into that church. There's a
lot of good churches out there. Get
plugged into a church
that's radical for Jesus and
they are expecting His return. Don't get
plugged into a dead church because
you'll start being dead, too. Get
plugged into a radical church that loves
the Lord and is on fire for Him and
expecting His return, looking for Him.
Their lamps are full of oil. They're not
going, 'Well, you know, he might
come in the next couple hundred years.'No,
I believe he's coming sooner than
you think. Jesus is coming and I am
looking up because I know our redemption
is drawing nigh, and so I have an
anticipation. So, like, subscribe,
click the notification bell, be part of
this YouTube channel. I'm excited. We're
believing for a million-man and woman
prayer army to grow up—a prayer army
that we can pray for things in the last
days and we'll see results in our
prayers. We're believing believers.
We're not begging believers. We're
believing believers. And so, on this
channel, we're not begging God to do
stuff. We're believing we have
authority and we take our authority and
we believe in the authority of the
believer. So, we're excited you're here.
Please be a part of it. Stick around
and pray with us. We try to
pray almost every day, but I take some
days off sometimes to get refreshed.
So, we're excited you're here. All 7,100
of you, 39 people gave their heart to
Jesus Christ tonight. So, all 39 of you
that gave your heart to Jesus Christ,
welcome to the family. And we're excited
you're here. I know you're probably
thinking, 'What is that guy doing
praying in tongues?'I'm praying in the
Holy Ghost. And it's Why Tongues by Kenneth E. Hagin.
If you want to learn
more about the baptism of the Holy
Ghost, you can get this book, Why
Tongues, on Amazon. There's a
lady
reading it on YouTube, so you can
listen to it and educate
yourself on the baptism of the Holy
Ghost. But you'll learn about it. This
is Kenneth E. Hagin. Why Tongues? And
that's what I was doing, praying in the
Spirit. Because a lot of people go, 'What
is he doing jabbering around?'That's
tongues. That's praying in the Spirit.
Acts chapter 2. You'll
read more about it if you want to know
more about the baptism of the Holy
Ghost. So it's exciting. It's a
little short read. I think there's only 31 pages. It
ain't nothing. You
can read it
fast
like that. So we're excited to hear you.
We love you. Thank you for your support
and clicking the likes and all the
things. YouTube doesn't
like us too much. So, we're excited
whenever people like you come along and
help us push us in the algorithm
because they don't want to hear about
the end times. They don't want us praying—the
devil doesn't, at least. But
he's defeated. So, we love you. Thank
you for being here tonight, all of you.
And we'll be back again tomorrow and
we'll pray more. Praying for the
nations, praying for Trump, praying for
the things we can do, and we'll
pray over the things we saw today.
So, God bless you all. Remember, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. God bless you all and we'll
see you again. Have a great night.
Bye-bye.